Index: Implemented, needs testing
    Index each timeseries every k elements by appending a record of <timestamp,
element_number, offset>.

Intersection Query Specifications: Implemented, needs testing
    Allow queries to specify subsets and find the intersection.

Accelerated Queries: Pending
    Have Index objects return bounds <n, n + j> when queried to give the minimal
chunk of the Archive to be retrieved/searched for the data in question.  Index
records are fixed width (24 bytes) so we can binary search an Index quickly
(since we can't binary search variable width Time_Series).

Seperate Database Interface Specification: Implemented
    Seperate specificaton of database API from implementation to allow multiple
remote/local implementations.

Seperate Server/Client namespace: Implemented
    Prefix all client keys with $PREFIX:client_{timeseries,index}.  Prevents
clients from accidentally/deliberately messing with objects used for internal
server bookkeeping.

Commandline tools: Implemented, needs testing
    Command line tool for appending streams of data and performing queries

Import/export tools: Pending
    Command line tools for bulk import/export.

Metadata Caching: Pending
    Create way to cache and save metadata on gracefull shutdown and then load it
back up. Store metadata in its own object and then append reference to a Log
$PREFIX:SERVER:metadata key On load, append some sort of invalidation notice
(NULL REFERENCE?) to $PREFIX:SERVER:metadata so we know its not to be trusted
until a fresh one is written

Manifest: Pending
    Instead of hashing keys to their data/index objects, map them to random Ids
so they can be changed in future.  This will allow reindexing and arbitrarily
re-writing any particular timeseries. Load manifest file at runtime, append to
it as necessary.

Manifest Object Log: Pending
    Write out the manifest every time it changes, append <timepoint, Id> to a
single Log object, so we can retrieve the manifest from any point in
time/rewrite it entirely.

Metadata Dump: Pending
    Should be able to query the database for a HR (JSON?) dump of the server's
metadata.  Includes Manifest, Metadata, and at least some metadata about
Indices.

Performance Tracking: Pending
    Should be able to use timing information necessary for logging to keep the
timing/size information for the last operation of any particular type  in some
fixed global place that can be sampled at will. Also track aggregate
statistics per operation type in some fixed global space that can be
queried/updated atomically.

Time_Series_Header: Pending
    Have a header of some sort that records the Time_Series type (Fixed Width,
Variable Width, Fixed Interval, Variable Interval) and anything else that might
be handy.  Store this header in the Manifest Object? At the beginning of each
Time_Series Object?

Wire Protocol: Implemented
    A Protobuff based wire protocol to allow a remote FTS Server to be used in
place of an embedded one.  Local and Remote are two implementations of the same
database specification.

Deep Scrub: Pending
    Check integrity of all Timeseries in the Manifest.  Check the Timeseries
against the Metadata cache if one exists. Also check against the Index, should
one exist.

Re-Index: Pending
    Ability to re-index a Timeseries on the fly and update the Manifest
accordingly.

Low Latency Asynchronous Append: Pending
    Maybe listen on a udp socket for append requests that can be applied
without bothering to respond to the client
